{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue77;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c37475;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14220\viewh14820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Name
\f1\b0 :				
\f0\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Anant Singh
\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \

\f0\b Email
\f1\b0 :				\ul asingh34@u.rochester.edu\ulnone \

\f0\b Course
\f1\b0 :				CSC 214 - Mobile App Development - Sumer 2021\

\f0\b Instructor
\f1\b0 :				Arthur Roolfs\

\f0\b TA
\f1\b0 : 					\cf3 Junis Ekmekciu \cf2 \

\f0\b Assignment/Project #
\f1\b0 :	\cf3 \ul Project 3\cf2 \ulnone \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-1444\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 I affirm that I have not given or received any unauthorized help on this assignment, and that this work is my own.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Date
\f1\b0 :					\cf3 \ul 08/11/21\cf2 \ulnone \
\
\
\

\f0\b Description
\f1\b0 :\
\'93SetTrack\'94: A fitness assistant. The Icon is custom made by me using Adobe Illustrator. The dumbbell image I made for the Icon is used through out the app for consistency. The launch screen is simply the app logo on an off white background. The App is fully localized into English, Spanish, and French using NSLocalizedStrings when necessary. The UIView Transitions are done through the editor, the nicest looking one goes from the main table view to the privacy notice using a cross dissolve transition. There are total of 5 view controllers each serves a different purpose: A table view controller housed in a navigation controller holds all your workout data. The table view controller is how you navigate to the rest of the views. There is also a swipe down feature which reloads your table taking in any new workouts if they haven\'92t been loaded in yet. If you decide to delete a workout you will be met with an action notification making sure you want to delete this workout as you will lose your data. The data model is backed by core data and uses 5 different attributes to create an entity called \'93workout\'94. These are then displayed on your table view controller the more you add and with persistence stores them and loads them even if you leave the app keeping a nice journal of workouts based on your needs.  The add view controller lets you create custom workouts and saves them to the table view controller. the Add view holds a picker view of your lifts available and multiple steppers to set some workout paramters as well as a custom title. The In workout view controller serves as an assistant tracker for your sets as you work out. Tap each ring when you complete a set and the counter increases. If you wish to restart a workout you can simply hit the rest button. When you\'92re done you will be taken back to the table view controller where you can select from your pre existing workouts hit the play button and it will take you straight back to the in workout view. Along with this you can swipe left on the in workout controller to change the background of the counter for easier viewing. The privacy statement can be accessed by the shield icon on the table view controller which you will have to then accept or deny. When you accept you will be met with an alert asking if you want to accept these conditions. The final view controller is WebServices page which you can access by the light bulb in the table view controllers navigation bar. This is to be used as inspiration and coaching as it takes you to a free fitness training page with workouts and how to\'92s. you may also access any other website you choose but this comes pre loaded. Finally the color scheme was to be green, reds, and whites which you will see the greens and reds accented through out the app be it ring colors for your in workout assistant or buttons for accepting the privacy agreement. \

\f0\b Note to TA
\f1\b0 :\
\cf3 ___________________________________________________}